hey guys um today I'm going to show you
guys a tutorial on how to do switch heel
whips flat um honestly switch flips are
not my cup of tea um not a big fan of
them I just learned them I knew them
pretty sketchy but I can do that's all
it really counts shockingly because you
think oh send just switch like and by
switch I mean well it's Oppo Beals
actually I'm sorry there oppo heels or
switch heels I look at them as the same
thing correct me if I'm wrong but you're
standing switched you're standing up oh
it's the same thing so like I write like
this right I would have to switch sides
and I honestly cannot heal with Vienna
I've never tried them yet but I can
switch you which doesn't make sense to
me but it's actually a lot easier and I
think the only reason why is because I
can throw my left foot and heel with
motion but for some reason I can't throw
my right foot as a he walks motion don't
know why but um you would want to go
like this right okay and when you throw
it you want to catch it and how'd you
like a sex change because like i said
i'm still doing kind of bad so i landed
a sex change so even though he look like
this i'll still land in my normal way
but it looks something like this
see always see it a little more speed so
I can actually do them like that do it
one more time see they look really
sketchy but I can still do them and I
can do them over things but whenever you
go switch which for needs to my left
side you want to go like this and you
want to jump up and you want to kick it
out and catch it length but I like I
said I catch and I landed sex change so
it's pretty weird but um I don't think
it looks clean at all the blood yeah
just wanted to give you guys a tutorial
on how to do it so it's kind of the
reason why I'm here but so you go you
would ride you kick spin caps same as
you would do a whip but Oppo um and yeah
that's basically it for it thank you
guys